# git-story

Prompt: At the age of 18 everyone gets teleported into a small room. In front of you is a table with all kinds of meals from apples to gourmet meats. 
Whatever you take a bite of will determine what superpower you'll get. You are the first person to take a bite of the table itself.

Breinleigh walked over to the giant ugly table and said "Omg you're so ugly, I'm going to eat you." She laughed and it was the nasty kind of laugh that makes you think they're not actually laughing, the kind of laugh that sounds like a crusty mummy exhaling after being brought to life. She began knawing on the table and didn't even care when her teeth began bleeding and falling out. After a few minutes of gnawing, she began transforming into Kim Kardashian. Breinleigh looked at herself in a little compaxt mirror with the words "Live, Laugh, Love" engraved into it and shrieked when she realized what had happened. She was wailing about this transformation when she noticed that the table began transforming into her, or at least her old self.

Standing next to Breinleigh was Jamal, he couldn't believe what he saw happen to Breinleigh and the table. Jamal grew to like the idea of transforming himself into a handsome man. He took a bite out of what used to be the table and what is now Breinleigh's old self, the earth began spinning within Jamals head. Then poof he was back to himself, well not quite. He looked over at Breinleigh as he was looking for the pocket mirror in her hand. Breinleigh was in shock and couldn't believe what she saw. Jamal grabs the mirror from her hands and takes a look at himself, "OMG IM KANYE WEST" he said with a bit of joy and surpise. 

They were thrilled about their new transfermations and wanted to tell show everyone. The two of them went to their friend judiah's house and knocked on the door. Judiah opened the door and passed out immediately. After Breinleigh and Jamal started smacking Judiah in the face to wake up, he eventually starts to get up. After he gets up he said "Holy toledo boledo foledo! Are you Kanye and Kim? Jamal and Breinleigh looked at each other and laughed, "No Judiah, its Jamal and Breinleigh we ate a table and turned into Kanye and Kim". Judiah looked confused and said "What? How do you turn back to yourself?" Jamal and Breinleigh turned to each other with worry in their eyes. "I don't know" they said. 
